docs(data): clarify entity dispatcher fires action once (#4005)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/data/entity-collection-service.md

It can be a _copy_ of a cached entity object and it often is.
The demo application always calls these command methods with copies of the entity data.

All _command methods_ return `void` or an `Observable`.
A core principle of the _redux pattern_ is that _commands_ never return a value. They just _do things_ that have side-effects.

> Thus, the action is only fired when the command is invoked, and re-subscribing to a command's returned `Observable` will not
> create another action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the action is only dispatched when the command is invoked, and re-subscribing to a command's returned `Observable` will not
dispatch another action.
```
